
  %   cumulative   self              self     total           
 time   seconds   seconds    calls  Ts/call  Ts/call  name    

 %         the percentage of the total running time of the
time       program used by this function.

cumulative a running sum of the number of seconds accounted
 seconds   for by this function and those listed above it.

 self      the number of seconds accounted for by this
seconds    function alone.  This is the major sort for this
           listing.

calls      the number of times this function was invoked, if
           this function is profiled, else blank.

 self      the average number of milliseconds spent in this
ms/call    function per call, if this function is profiled,
	   else blank.

 total     the average number of milliseconds spent in this
ms/call    function and its descendents per call, if this
	   function is profiled, else blank.

name       the name of the function.  This is the minor sort
           for this listing. The index shows the location of
	   the function in the gprof listing. If the index is
	   in parenthesis it shows where it would appear in
	   the gprof listing if it were to be printed.

Copyright (C) 2012-2015 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright
notice and this notice are preserved.



The flat profile shows how much time your program spent in each function, 
and how many times that function was called. If you simply want to know which 
functions burn most of the cycles, it is stated concisely here.

The call graph shows, for each function, which functions called it, which other 
functions it called, and how many times. There is also an estimate of how much 
time was spent in the subroutines of each function. This can suggest places  where 
you might try to eliminate function calls that use a lot of time.


-The optimized version contains only 3 different functions, while the unoptimized one has a lot of different ones
-*operator takes ~7 times as long in the unoptimized version
-Apart from *operator, most of the lost time comes from the vector accessor calls ([] operator)
-Plus some allocation calls.
-Seems like the optimized version improves memory allocation and access speeds

